# Display
Showcasing my labs and projects over the years

"OS Projects" is a collection of labs completed with my group primarily written in C as part of Operating Systems and Organization (CSE 422S at Washington University in St. Louis). Lab 1 entails a kernel monitoring framework that uses kernel timers to schedule recurring events, uses kernel threads to perform deferrable work inside the kernel, and creates a simple monitoring framework that periodically captures basic information from kernelspace using kernel timers and kernel threads to manage the frequency and context of such information gathering. Lab 2 entails a memory management and paging kernel module that leverages the mmap() system call to perform virtual memory mappings for a process and can be configured to utilize either demand paging or pre-paging. Lab 3 entails code to allow multi-plexed interprocess communication between a client and server that re-assemble a text file from numbered fragments, uses low-level inter-process communication mechanisms to enable the server and clients to communicate with each other, and uses event multiplexing mechanisms to allow the server to interact with multiple clients concurrently.

"Multithreaded Server-Client in Rust" is a lab project involving developing a multi-threaded, networked solution for handling file I/O operations in Rust as a part of Concurrency and Memory Safe System Software Development (CSE 542S at Washington University in St. Louis). It uses shared concurrency primitives like Arc<Mutex<...>> to allow multiple threads to safely share and modify data. The project handles both local file operations and networked file requests, enabling the client to connect to a server, send a filename, and receive its contents as if it were a local file. The server accepts connections, spawns threads, and handles file requests or shutdown commands, ensuring thread safety and robust error handling. The project demonstrates several key facets of the Rust language, including ownership and borrowing, concurrency primitives, and error handling. It uses pattern matching for control flow, traits and generics for flexible code, and modules and crates for better structure. The project also emphasizes thread safety by locking mutexes before accessing shared data and minimizing blocking. 

"Malloc.c" is my own version of a dynamic memory allocator for C programs written in C. I undertook this project as part of Intro to Systems Software (CSE361S at Washington University in St. Louis), it showcases malloc, realloc, calloc, and free capabilities using an explicit free list allocator.

"Predictive Modeling and Modeling Comparison" is a Jupyter notebook I completed as a final project for Intro to Data Science (CSE217A at Washington University in St. Louis). It showcases various regression models and direct comparison in their effectiveness. It also includes effective feature engineering and data clean up prior to analysis.

"File System" is a collection of code in C++ where I designed a file system with two of my classmates for Object-Oriented Software Development Laboratory (CSE332S at Washington University in St. Louis). It showcases object oriented programming and an ability to take on a longer project.

"Latin School Project" is a SQL script where I transferred a hypothetical school's database from excel to SQL for Intermediate SQL Programming at UCSD Extension. I used the Import Wizard in Azure Data Studio to transfer all records to a temp database then ran the commands in the script to extract the neccesary data and generate tables. Within the script I created a view that shows the amount of times a class has been offered + more info and a view that displayed financial information by year. I also created procedures to add a new student to the database, and to display the course history for a singular student.

"Poker" is a C++ project I undertook for Multi-Paradigm Programming in C++ (CSE428 at Washington University in St. Louis). This project creates a command line application that allows the user to specify their desired card game from Pinochle, Poker, and GoFish and play them. GoFish is playable in its entirety while Poker is simply displayed up to the flop and the winner is selected at that point. For Pinochle, the hands are dealt and melds that are made are tallied and total points for each player are then displayed. This project demonstrates a deep understanding of the C++ language through the use of function overrides, shared pointers, OOP, template arguments, and many other useful features of the language. 

"PacMan" is a Python project I completed for Intro to Artificial Intelligence (CSE412A at Washington University in St. Louis). This skeleton for this project was provided by the class and we were tasked with implementing various algorithms within the scope of artificial intelligence. Some of these algorithms included DFS/BFS, A* Search, Value Iteration, Q-Learning, and Alpha-Beta Pruning. The end result produced a Pac-Man agent that was artificially intelligent and implemented these various algorithms to learn how to progressively get better at the game of Pac-Man.

"Bioinformatics Paper" is a research paper I completed with a partner that analyzes the crystal structure of Branched Chain Aminotransferase in Giardia Lamblia using computational biology software PyMol combined with insights gained from previously published information on the enzyme. The .docx file in the doc_files folder contains the paper in its entirety. The script_files folder contains all the PyMol scripts and R script used to aid in analzying G.lamblia BCAT. The figure_files and image_files folder contain the images used in the paper.
